
Jim Brown

We had amazing time traveling with MasterSafari. Sajidh perfectly planned our itinerary keeping in mind all our requirements and keeping our comfort in mind. Our driver Mr. Khosala did an amazing job in making sure we had a comfortable and enjoyable stay. Both Sajidh and Mr khosala were always available to assist us whenever needed.

Pathum Adithya

Experience with mastersafari was amazing. From the very beginning, Sajidh has been prompt and ready to help with all necessary requests. The arrangements with respect to the transport, accomodations, vehicles were perfect. The chauffeurs were very well behaved and well versed in English. No issues faced during the week long trip.

Jenette Harmon

Master Safari organised our two week tour of Sri Lanka and was always on hand
             before, during and after.We had great experiences, saw abundant wildlife,
              made good friends and felt we truly experienced the real Sri Lanka. 

Nimeshi dissanayake

Buddika was an excellent guide! He was friendly, knowledge about every area we were in and was willing to tell us stories. He was a safe driver which was helpful since it rained on us on our way back home. The trip exceeded my expectations! We are planning to use this company again soon for another trip since it was so well planned. Great price for a full day's adventure!!

Shehani Akarsha

I recently went on a bird-watching tour in Sri Lanka organised by "Master Safari" with my guide and driver, Kosala. I have to say that it was an absolutely incredible experience that I will never forget. Kosala was extremely experienced driver and guide who takes good care of his customers. During our tour, we visited several national parks and bird sanctuaries, each one more breathtaking than the last. Aside from the bird-watching, the tour itself was also very well-organized. Our accommodations were comfortable and conveniently located near the parks we visited, and the transportation was always on time and comfortable. Overall, I would highly recommend this bird-watching tour with "Master Safari" and Kosala as a guide. The combination of stunning scenery, beautiful birds, and expert guidance made for an unforgettable experience. I can't wait to go back and do it all again!